feat: kernel|initrd plugins: extend and improve behavior (#6116)
snapcore/snapcraft: docs/reference/plugins/kernel_plugin.rst

found in ``arch/${arch}/configs`` or ``kernel/configs``.

kernel-kconfigs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Type**: list of strings

A list of kernel config values to enforce. If set, this list overrides the
values in the base configurations established by the ``kernel-kdefconfig`` and
``kernel-ubuntu-kconfigflavour`` keys. The kernel build system is used to resolve any
configuration dependencies or invalid combinations.

kernel-tools
~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Type**: list of strings

A list of kernel tools to build. If set, the specified tools will be built and added to
the final snap package.

Valid values are ``perf``, ``cpupower``, and ``bpf``.

.. warning::
   Building a kernel snap for a different target architecture than
   the build host may result in build failures when using this key

>    with ``base: core22`` snaps. Refer to the `kernel-cross spread test`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for core22 snaps. Refer to the `kernel-cross spread test`_
```

``generic`` is provided, this value takes precedence over the ``kernel-kdefconfig`` key.

kernel-ubuntu-release-name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Type**: string

A string which specifies a particular Ubuntu release to build an Ubuntu kernel from.
This key will fetch the ``master-next`` branch (by default) of one of the release
kernels available on Launchpad.

> Valid values are Ubuntu release code names like ``jammy``, ``lunar``, ``noble``, etc.

Reviewer: https://docs.ubuntu.com/styleguide/en/#latin-words-and-phrases

```suggestion
Valid values are Ubuntu release code names like ``jammy``, ``lunar``, or ``noble``.
```
